as you know we're rapidly approaching
summer movie season and one of the
biggest movies this summer will
undoubtedly be guardians of the galaxy
vol 2 the whole cast is going to be here
on Monday but we also have a cast member
here right now in that cast member is
our own Guillermo about a year ago our
friends at Marvel offered Guillermo a
part in the new guardians movie he was
available it turned out and so he packed
his bags flew to Atlanta and here he is
on set with his fellow stars of film
thirty years ago I was in TV for the
first time he was always very hungry
he loves tuna fish I was supposed to be
the cook the check from Michael Jackson
really ate all my book the way I make
his meal
now I'm gonna be on this Hollywood big
movie guardian of the galaxy vol 2 and
like well there's a lot of actors you
know big actors you know like the guy
named Chris
[Music]
[Applause]
see you you're here you're gonna be in
the movie so I got you some advice all
right oh look I need some help
all right first question oh yeah how do
you that's the question
yeah how do you act yeah there's three
looks army three looks okay the first
one happy happy
next one sad and then the third one
scared
that's all you need what about sexy
just you scared to help me no no no no
this will be our last interaction I'll
be sure that I knew you're listen Chris
gave me good advice but now I'm going to
talk to an actor from one of my favorite
movies ever give up oh my god it's
actually but anyway how you doing are
you playing a person yep
well first oh good for you you don't
mind if I ask you for some advice of
acting I got it so what happened in my
scene I get snippy no not again yeah
just remember this one thing okay
whatever you do don't
I'm very sure he was tangled
you show you nipples a lot yeah Wow you
have to start it's time for me to get in
my character what kind of power does not
have and I'm gonna be green
what kind of crazy creature you gotta
make me a cop okay
so I just find out I'm gonna play a cop
they're so cool in the movies
oh my god it's like you have the right
to remain silent
you think you're a tough guy give me
your license and registration
here mom you been drinking officer Tommy
or two
[Applause]
[Music]
first time we're gonna have you standing
with another guy by the name of Mac and
day you're he's gonna be telling people
to stand back and you gotta have his
back so I just like you know hey I
wouldn't that kind of looks like you're
swimming but that's uh yeah
I keep thinking what tango say oh I've
to do my best and then the director
action everybody take back get out of
the way just for your own safety get
back now did you hear me stay back get
back get back
now put the camera down now
no in fact get out of the way do you
want me to kick their asses that's not
necessary thank you thank you you know
what I think I did a good job
oh thank you everybody I cannot wait to
see myself and big scream in the movies
you know tell everybody a Guillermo said
that movie
[Music]
Marvel sent us an exclusive look at your
clip you've not seen this right no all
right well here it is the world premiere
of Guillermo
what's your last name rodriguez
rodriguez as cop number two in guardians
of the galaxy vol 2
what did you think I these you know
let's put it up on the wall let's put it
up in the wall so you can naturally see
it a little better so now watch really
closely here alright okay
[Music]
Wow
ocid Boston do you love clicking buttons
and subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy